c:\users\stian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\stian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\stian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\stian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\stian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\stian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\stian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\stian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\stian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
c:\users\stian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\stian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\stian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\stian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\stian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\stian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Styles\PreviousButton.baml
C:\Users\stian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Styles\CircualButton.baml
C:\Users\stian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Styles\StopButton.baml
C:\Users\stian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Styles\NextButton.baml
C:\Users\stian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Styles\PlayPauseButton.baml
C:\Users\stian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Styles\ControllArea.baml
E:\Dropbox\prosjekter\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.config
E:\Dropbox\prosjekter\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
E:\Dropbox\prosjekter\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
E:\Dropbox\prosjekter\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
E:\Dropbox\prosjekter\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
E:\Dropbox\prosjekter\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Dropbox\prosjekter\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Player.baml
E:\Dropbox\prosjekter\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Styles\ControllArea.baml
E:\Dropbox\prosjekter\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Styles\StopButton.baml
E:\Dropbox\prosjekter\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Styles\CircualButton.baml
E:\Dropbox\prosjekter\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
E:\Dropbox\prosjekter\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Styles\NextButton.baml
E:\Dropbox\prosjekter\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Styles\PlayPauseButton.baml
E:\Dropbox\prosjekter\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Styles\PreviousButton.baml
E:\Dropbox\prosjekter\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.baml
E:\Dropbox\prosjekter\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Player.g.cs
E:\Dropbox\prosjekter\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
E:\Dropbox\prosjekter\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
E:\Dropbox\prosjekter\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
E:\Dropbox\prosjekter\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
E:\Dropbox\prosjekter\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\Dropbox\prosjekter\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\Dropbox\prosjekter\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\SpotifyLocalPlayer.baml
E:\Dropbox\prosjekter\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\SpotifyLocalPlayer.g.cs
E:\Dropbox\prosjekter\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
E:\Dropbox\prosjekter\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.lref
E:\Dropbox\prosjekter\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\testart.jpg
E:\Dropbox\prosjekter\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WebPlayer.exe.config
